c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe.config
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ClassLibrary1.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\ClassLibrary1.pdb
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.exe
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\obj\x86\Debug\MonoGameClient.pdb
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
c:\users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 1.xnb
C:\Users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 2.xnb
C:\Users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 3.xnb
C:\Users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Player 4.xnb
C:\Users\noel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Solution1\MonoGameClient\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Message.xnb
